How can you, a wild girl from the country,
It's you, the medicine you gave Rou Rou
You little bitch
Hand it over to me
Looks like you don't want me to save him
Stop
If you hand over the antidote
I'll let go of what happened between you and Butler Liu
That is Butler Liu's self-directed and self-played slander against me
What do you want?
I want Butler Liu's body selling device.
Go
Bring me Butler Liu's body seller
Bring me people too
Drag this dog slave out for me and hit 30 big boards
Brother Wang, save me, brother
Are you satisfied now?
What can we do about this?
There is only one antidote left
I can only aggrieve my sister to eat the medicine I have taken
younger sister
Remember to scrape off all the powder when you take the medicine.
This antidote is ineffective without a little bit
Pick up the waist basin and help the second young master
Thousands of dollars actually bullied me so much
Mother, you have to make the decision for me?
And my face.
And mine
He will definitely not let go of that little pinch seed
Don't worry daughter
Your face is much better.
As for teeth
Mother will bring someone to fix it for you later.